Aren’t these six routes prepared for the online merchant department of New Sincerity?
Why are people here now? Could it be?
Did I remember wrongly? Uploaded.
You have passed the interview with our company. Regarding the next step, I officially came to work.
According to management, the company will assign employees to each department first.
Have a welcome party. Don't worry,
Whether it's a party or work in the future.
I will have the right to give you a beating. educate doctors,
Our interview is over. I was late for interviews.
There's no way I don't have time that's critical.
When I returned to the company, a man who claimed to be an employee took me to my office.
I arrived a long time ago to find the troops.
It's easy to distinguish the front desk so I think
Please give me a chance for two interviews.
I'm no longer like you, sorry
not your hands
It's better to learn how to squirt someone over there, of course.
Know the real facts about this step
Just don’t say it quietly and then you will recognize it by showing it.
And I just saw your sword
You are just a college student
Put down the company's attractive standards
All tempting
What should be looked at is ability
Rather than an academic community
Could you please take a look?
Just a third-rate water bottle
Please leave immediately
Don't make an experiment for us
This is your attitude towards the interview